once again from our studios at
Rockefeller Center here is Stone
Phillips returning now to our story
after months of criticism for a lack of
minorities on television the networks
have finally begun to respond the WB
network has started production on the
first black teen soap opera devons Creek
we take you down to set
hey Taylor are you going to the
cotillion
no dice I'm grounded my parents caught
me sneaking out to that Kenny Loggins
concert Oh Parker let's go for some iced
coffee you must be very proud of lifting
your people in such a positive fashion
what would you say are the similarities
between you and your character none
really
I mean I'm black I was impressed by the
inspiring teamwork between the writers
and cats
so then Hamilton and Taylor end up
celebrating Kwanzaa together Kwanzaa the
rapper wants us to Christmas no no it's
not Christmas you don't okay we'd love
to do a Christmas episode thank you for
that yeah yeah and you know what you
know what I could get phylicia rashad
people on the phone get her over here
for a special appearance would that be
fun for you huh
okay great great right stone this is
important television now it just makes
me sick that the african-american is not
heard in this country um excuse me Liz
not now I wish I were dead
hey why the frown Charlie Brown it's
just high school but then why is it feel
so terrible you know what tad is taking
sandy to the dance instead of me
whoa man Hamilton that's not the point
oh god this is so Wendy Wasserstein what
a corker I'm sorry can we cut what's the
problem I'm sorry it's just that um okay
it doesn't feel very black I thought
that that I'm in this lot you are
african-american thank you
but can't you write a show that you know
tackles issues that matter so what a
black people care about African African
America
yeah it all worked out like some Olivia
newton-john song hey we say you and I
take a walk down by devons Creek well I
would say that I like that like this
very much say something's always puzzled
me though why do they call it -
Vaughan's Creek we see Devon there's an
old slave hand who drowned in the creek
wow I'm so glad that slavery is over oh
hey it was awful yeah it was the bomb as
we celebrated ourselves I felt the first
time stuck up with reservations a hope
for the new face of television you must
be really proud for Dateline I'm stone
Phillips